Present were:
@atorkzaban @jinaamini @JJScubaKing

Topics:
- simple Persian
  - Resource
    - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Basic_English
    - Make a list of 1500-2000 words
    - https://www.persianpod101.com/persian-word-lists/?coreX=100
    - https://1000mostcommonwords.com/1000-most-common-persian-words/
    - https://3000mostcommonwords.com/list-of-3000-most-common-persian-words-in-english/
- Kanban board 
- IT education (course) for our members
- IT Knowledge Center for our members 

- public engagement
  - 'why' is being discussed be @jinaamini
  - @jinaamini: I am designing the financial transparency protocol
  - public enagement means to be visually democractic and understandable. 
  - @JJScubaKing: we need to set perspective further 
    - there are two categories, these define what message has to be conveyed
      - seen from above, it is the values of the org. that needs to be conveyed first - policy want to realize our values. 
      - several projects are done to bring policies to reality
      - audience. Whom are we sending these messages to.
      - incentive
        - Categories of audience
        - executives and C-suit of companies and universities
        - Professionals
        - academics 
        - People inside Iran
        - Iranians in diaspora
        - Iranians in general
        - Politicians and statemen & women
        - Journalists & think tanks  
    - Mission statement
        - an excerpt of our value system
    - Our value system will be 5-6 items. 
        - we need to put these values in front of us and.
          - e.g. one of our policoes is that our audiences acquire e.g a certain set of knowledge.
            - a project built on top of that would our Simple Persian project.
              - now the question is how to 
                - what are the incentives (i.e. your voice will be heard, you learn the newest methods of governance, you will not remake the mistakes of 1979 revol.)
                - on the other hand, when talking to a Dutch politician, we should say i.e, the future of Iran would be so and so, if this project suceeds. 
    - what is our Minimum Viable Launch for our PR department of the org.?
      - It seems that there two main goals already:
        - Public image
        - Recruitment 
          - invester
          - volunteer
        therefore our MVL would be a press release, which announces our foundation, our regsitration number, these are our products. After that we will have two products:
            1- newsletter - shows our consistency
            2- social media presence
            these two are our regulars. Press release is for important news. 
            - the mechanism for that is that anyone can make a draft, it will be done by members of the team and then it will be sent to NewsWire, Forbes, Google Spider.

    Last but not least: entrepreneurial council for free Iran. 
        this organisation is a middleman that represent the Iranian opposition/people of Iran

    *We need to rate our resources accoding to the projects. It means that we tell each other how much time, money and socila credit are we ready to invest. 
    We should honestly communicate this special rate. Say for example that the Entrepreneurial Council is 10/10 for @JJScubaKing, but @armantorkzaban rates in 9.5/10 and so on.
    This is because that we are in this org. first voluntarily and we have limitted resources each. 
    This could be called R-Rate (R^2). AKA Arman Coefficient, pun intended.

    Planning the projecs will be made much easier once we have the R2 of the volunteers beforehand. This allows us to see how long will it take from us to implement the project based on the available resources and if it is not enough, we need to get help, and how much of it. 


Actionable tasks:
- [ ] Start using kanban board - everyone needs to read: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kanban_board
- [ ] Start the simple Persian research - @irannewswatch @JJScubaKing