Present: 
@irannewswatch @armantorkzaban

Topics: 
- Public image, how to disentangle personal views from transcf views 
- the MEK issue of Iranian diaspora. Should we/How to analyse this group objectively (i.e structure, political achievements, actions) without putting ourselves at risk being accused of being their sympathizers.
-  How to be inclusive while sticking to our values. IOW how to give new members room to discover us, learn from us and express themselves while we know(and it might happen) that they violate our values.
- Coop with bfa80088bdc91bfcd0d7529f32d45f78b5836676 - they are ready to join forDem effort starting from Jan. 20th
- [Revolution network](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1uQGvbymIbZTe6oCohNKDqvzFdZa3kmDB/view) was mentioned. Arman has already talked with Bashir about Nahalestan project. A cooperation was back then not possible. Bashir was not ready for the idea. We can reconnect
- Rabsperry Pie was mentioned. Learn &  Fun project. It was also mentioned in [25-2-dec-2022.md](https://github.com/tcfev/task-force-nika/blob/main/assets/minutes(%D8%B5%D9%88%D8%B1%D8%AA%E2%80%8C%D8%AC%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%87)/25-2-dec-2022.md)
  



Acitonatable: 
- [ ] Design, define, and discuss our exclusion critria according to our established values. @irannewswatch checks our [consititution](https://github.com/tcfev/task-force-nika/blob/main/assets/official-docs/english-bylaws-ratified-on-Dec-2022.pdf) and extracts the related articles.
- [ ] Create anonymous discussion environments to make sure freedom expression is not voilated amid biases, e.g. wistle blowing, discuss without estigma, etc.
- [ ] Let paralegals/lawyers review our consitution and figure out whether we need to update. @armantorkzaban
- [ ] follow up on IT education (course) for our members & IT Knowledge Center for our members @irannewswatch @JJScubaKing
- Extend [unboarding.md](unboarding.md) (or refactor) memebership form (make github an optional but recommended)
